# *Those cracks should be flowers*
## \#001 in the series *Existence composes a colony of black spots*

*Existence composes a colony of black spots* is a series of generative art works that employ live visuals to produce electroacoustic music. This series is inspired by Sol LeWitt’s Wall Drawings which are simple text instructions that drafters follow, drawing directly on the walls of a gallery. Basic instructions produce marveolus and improbable results. The instructions for Wall Drawing #51 is simply “All architectural points connected by straight lines”. The realization of this work at MassMOCA has produced a colossal web of flowing blue lines, part painting, part installation: https://massmoca.org/event/walldrawing51/ . The works in *Existence composes a colony of black spots* explore a similar approach using computer animated graphics. Elements are programmed with simple behaviors and their interactions generate electroacoustic music. A piece is realized through input from live performers and/or a set of instructions.

### *Those cracks should be flowers* (for animated light poles and pure wave oscillators)
This work consists of light poles that move horizontally on the screen. Each light pole generates pure wave tones that interact to produce acoustic beating patterns. There are light poles in bright neon colors and poles that emit white light. The further away these light poles are from each other the faster the beating patterns, the closer the slower. These light poles are programed with behaviors to go slower or faster and to shrink/get quieter or grow/get louder. This piece can be performed by a live performer who adds and removes the light poles or by a set of instructions that generates the work in real time.
